{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 SDL OpenGL Intro Read Me
\b0 \
\
The program provides a simple example of a SDL program that uses OpenGL. It creates a window and draws a purple rectangle in the window. Press a key on the keyboard or close the window to quit the program.\
\

\b Updates
\b0 \
\
August 16 2011: Updated the project for Xcode 4.1. The original project had all sorts of problems on Xcode 4.1 so I updated the project so it will build on Xcode 4.1.\
\
March 18, 2007: Changed the code to include SDL_OpenGL.h instead of including the OpenGL headers directly. This change makes the code more portable so you don't have to worry about the differences between LInux, Mac OS X, and Windows on including OpenGL headers.\
\

\b Notes for Mac OS X Developers
\b0 \
\
This version of the project uses Xcode 4.1 and the Mac OS X 10.7 SDK. I don't have Xcode 4.0 installed so I don't know if this project works on Xcode 4.0. At the very least you must change the Base SDK build setting to Mac OS X 10.6.\
\
I did not use a nib file for the menu bar so you could see how a Mac OS X SDL application looks without using a nib file.\
\

\b Notes for Linux and Windows Developers
\b0 \
\
You'll be using the files GameApp.h, GameApp.cpp, and main.cpp. The source code should compile with no changes. I was able to compile Windows code with CodeWarrior. I haven't had the chance to compile the code for Linux.\
\

\b Conclusion
\b0 \
\
This program provides a nice starting point for those of you interested in using SDL and OpenGL in your games. Feel free to use the source code in your applications. and make changes to the code. Also feel free to email me if you have any questions or problems with the code.\
\
Mark Szymczyk\
mark@meandmark.com}